Create sandbox documentation (#762)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/getting-started/sandbox.md

---
rank: 4
related_guides:
- authentication
- authorization
- api-calls
---

# Sandboxes in Box Platform

Developer sandboxes in Box provide a secure, controlled environment where developers can build, test, and collaborate on applications without affecting the actual data of your enterprise. They offer a safe space to experiment with Box APIs, test settings, try new integrations, and work alongside external partners.

## What is a developer sandbox?

> A developer sandbox is an environment isolated from your production (live) enterprise setup and keeps development activities separate from real business data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A developer sandbox is an environment isolated from your production (live) enterprise setup that keeps development activities separate from real business data.
```

## Why use a sandbox?

Using a sandbox allows you to:

> * Safely build apps: develop securely within an enterprise-linked environment instead of a free standalone account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Safely build apps within an enterprise-linked environment instead of a free standalone account.
```

> * Collaborate securely: you can work with both internal teams and external collaborators. Contractors, partners, and other external users can join the sandbox without accessing live systems and compromising security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collaborate securely with both internal teams and external collaborators. Contractors, partners, and other external users can join the sandbox without accessing live systems and compromising security.
```

> * Test apps under realistic testing conditions: when synced, sandboxes inherit your enterprise’s plan and add-ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Test apps under realistic testing conditions as sandboxes inherit your enterprise’s plan and add-ons.
```

> * Test apps under realistic testing conditions: when synced, sandboxes inherit your enterprise’s plan and add-ons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Test apps under realistic testing conditions, as sandboxes inherit your enterprise’s plan and add-ons.
```

## Accessing your sandbox

> Sandboxes in Box are created by the enterprise admins. See [this document][1] to learn how to create a sandbox. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sandboxes in Box are created by enterprise admins. See [this document][1] to learn how to create a sandbox. 
```

When you are assigned as a primary admin of a sandbox, you receive a log-in email from Box with your sandbox user ID.

> Click the link in the email to access the [Dev Console][2] inside the sandbox environment and set up a password. You can also access your sandbox by logging in with your sandbox credentials on [developer.box.com][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the [Dev Console][2] inside the sandbox environment and set up a password, click the link in the email. You can also access your sandbox by logging in with your sandbox credentials on [developer.box.com][3].
```

> The sandbox's primary admin can create individual sandbox user accounts, giving developers access to a new Box environment that reflects the same plan as their parent Box enterprise.

Reviewer: Perhaps "main" instead of "parent"? You get rid of unnecessary connotations. (Unless it is the term you use elsewhere.)

Author: We use "parent" in our support documentation about sandbox creation.

> The sandbox's primary admin can create individual sandbox user accounts, giving developers access to a new Box environment that reflects the same plan as their parent Box enterprise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sandbox's primary admin can create individual sandbox accounts, giving developers access to a new Box environment that matches the plan of their parent Box enterprise.
```

(or main, as @lszal pointed out)

> ### Access multiple sandboxes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accessing multiple sandboxes
```

## Why use a sandbox?

Using a sandbox allows you to:

* Safely build apps within an enterprise-linked environment instead of a free standalone account.
*  Collaborate securely with both internal teams and external collaborators. Contractors, partners, and other external users can join the sandbox without accessing live systems and compromising security.
* Test apps under realistic testing conditions, as sandboxes inherit your enterprise's plan and add-ons at creation time. If there are any changes to the plan and add-ons, it can be manually synced by an enterprise admin.

## Accessing your sandbox

Sandboxes in Box are created by enterprise admins. See [this document][1] to learn how to create a sandbox. 
When you are assigned as a primary admin of a sandbox, you receive a log-in email from Box with your sandbox user ID.

To access the [Dev Console][2] inside the sandbox environment and set up a password, click the link in the email. You can also access your sandbox by logging in with your sandbox credentials on [developer.box.com][3].

> The sandbox's primary admin can create individual sandbox accounts, giving developers access to a new Box environment that matches the plan of their parent Box enterprise.s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sandbox's primary admin can create individual sandbox accounts, giving developers access to a new Box environment that matches the plan of their parent Box enterprise.
```
